1373341941
Application	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Arc	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/arc.rb	class Arc 
ArcTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/arc_test.rb	class ArcTest 
ArcsController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	class ArcsController 
ArcsControllerTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/functional/arcs_controller_test.rb	class ArcsControllerTest 
ArcsHelper	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/helpers/arcs_helper.rb	module ArcsHelper
ArcsHelperTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/helpers/arcs_helper_test.rb	class ArcsHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateArcs	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044652_create_arcs.rb	class CreateArcs 
CreateNodes	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044548_create_nodes.rb	class CreateNodes 
CreateTrainRoutes	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044432_create_train_routes.rb	class CreateTrainRoutes 
CreateTrains	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044146_create_trains.rb	class CreateTrains 
Itinerary	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	class Itinerary
ItineraryController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/itinerary_controller.rb	class ItineraryController 
ItineraryFinder	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/config/application.rb	module ItineraryFinder
Node	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/node.rb	class Node 
NodeTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/node_test.rb	class NodeTest 
NodesController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	class NodesController 
NodesControllerTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/functional/nodes_controller_test.rb	class NodesControllerTest 
NodesHelper	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/helpers/nodes_helper.rb	module NodesHelper
NodesHelperTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/helpers/nodes_helper_test.rb	class NodesHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Train	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/train.rb	class Train 
TrainRoute	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/train_route.rb	class TrainRoute 
TrainRouteTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/train_route_test.rb	class TrainRouteTest 
TrainRoutesController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	class TrainRoutesController 
TrainRoutesControllerTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/functional/train_routes_controller_test.rb	class TrainRoutesControllerTest 
TrainRoutesHelper	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/helpers/train_routes_helper.rb	module TrainRoutesHelper
TrainRoutesHelperTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/helpers/train_routes_helper_test.rb	class TrainRoutesHelperTest 
TrainTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/train_test.rb	class TrainTest 
TrainsController	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	class TrainsController 
TrainsControllerTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/functional/trains_controller_test.rb	class TrainsControllerTest 
TrainsHelper	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/helpers/trains_helper.rb	module TrainsHelper
TrainsHelperTest	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/unit/helpers/trains_helper_test.rb	class TrainsHelperTest 
change	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044548_create_nodes.rb	  def change
change	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044652_create_arcs.rb	  def change
change	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044146_create_trains.rb	  def change
change	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/db/migrate/20130703044432_create_train_routes.rb	  def change
compute_trip	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  def compute_trip
create	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def edit
end_station	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  attr_accessor :start_station, :end_station, :reach_by
generate_arcs	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  def generate_arcs
generate_nodes	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  def generate_nodes
index	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  def initialize 
new	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def new
reach_by	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  attr_accessor :start_station, :end_station, :reach_by
show	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/itinerary_controller.rb	  def show
start_station	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/models/itinerary.rb	  attr_accessor :start_station, :end_station, :reach_by
test_homepage	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/arcs_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/nodes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/trains_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/frafi/RoRProjects/itinerary-finder/app/controllers/train_routes_controller.rb	  def update
